Tidy up release docs so that they're up to date (#4944)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/releasing/before-publishing-a-release.md

## Kick off the release

> The whole team should coordinate when either wants to publish a new release. Choose a team member to lead on the release, typically a developer.

Reviewer: Saying 'either' doesn't make sense anymore as there isn't two separate groups being referenced. 

```suggestion
The whole team should coordinate whether to publish a new release. Choose a team member to lead on the release, typically a developer.
```
